Can you talk to it?
Yes.
What can you say?
Can you sing your song for me?
I don't know.
How does it go?
Sing it.
Come on, sing the song for me.
What's the Spanish song?
Sing your song.
Okay.
Go ahead.
Sing it.
OK.
Want to hear it now?
Mm-hmm.
I remember when Erica Johns had written her novel, Fear of Flying, and that character was Isadora Wang, and everybody said, well, we recognize the characters, or is this really you?
And she said, oh my God, how could anybody think that?
It's a fiction, it's a novel, there's nothing true about it.
So I started out with that line and said, you know, I'm a novel, this is fiction, there's nothing true, and people would get really bored.
And then they'd say, how's the baby, and how's your house?
And they wouldn't want to talk about the novel anymore.
So I wised up very quickly.
And now when people ask me that question, I say, well, I hope that people won't be too upset when they see themselves in the novel.
And it seems to have perked everybody out in Washington about whether or not they're going to be in it.
And this is my first attempt at writing a novel, so I really didn't know how it worked.
But when you do sit down to do a novel, at least I did, I didn't think I'm going to take this person and that person and change the color of their hair and their names and then just have them be thinly disguised characters.
I just wrote, I made up people.
But I found that, particularly in the first chapter, which introduces a lot of the major characters, that when I sat down to reread it about a year after I'd written it, I was playing the game.
I was saying, I wonder who I meant that to be, and I wonder who I meant this person to be.
And what it turns out is that you write what you know, and things just come from, you just sort of pull it out of your head.
And in the end, it really is, as Christopher Stollison once said in one of his songs, it's partly truth and partly fiction.
And is it a roman play?
Well, yes and no.
And I thought that I would start out by explaining that to you and then see if you have any questions about the book.
It's coming out toward the end of what is, of my 16 years in Washington, and measurably the most important and exciting year, because the forces that began to gather in the country in the late 17th, and produced Ronald Reagan,
have reached a kind of conclusion of sorts in the intersection this year of two extraordinary bills, the Grant-Rudman bill and the tax bill, both of them being, in their ways, quite radical.
And a radicalism produced, this sounds paradoxical, but it is, I think, produced by kind of sobriety.
But after six years, the Congress decided that the American people weren't quite as conservative as they said they were.
There's a gap between the real and the rhetorical politics in the country.
And that, in fact, the only way to bring discipline to the appetites of the country is with the Graham-Rudman bill, which is, on the one hand, a feat of an irresponsible legislation passed in 20 years, probably.
On the other hand, you have the tax bill that is also, like the Graham-Rudman bill, finally the product of political despair that overcame the country after these last six years.
It's fair that they could free the government from the influence of the government.
The government has come to look upon itself in these last six years.
.
And in fact, that's been part of it is surprising.
On one hand, the president has done what serious good leaders do.
He has forced the country to ask the answer basic question.
He did not get the answer he wanted.
He said, what kind of government do you want?
And the answer came in after a five-year rolling referendum on budget cuts we wanted constantly to the government we've got.
And I need all this tumultuous shouting about budget cuts in Washington over the last 50 years, 50 years.
It's been really about the customs, margins, and through social security and the margins of food stamps and all the rest.
Second, the country has had to come to terms with the cost of the deficit.
and with the fact that the great that was supposed to happen, which was a self-financed taxpayer in 1981, had not to be self-financed.
And it being produced was not supposed to produce, it was a deficit, which meant that there was no magic bullet for making services of payment.
That was the great promise of the supply fly theory, but if you cut taxes, you would have increased revenues from lower rates.
And therefore, all political choices, all difficult choices, would be nullified.
So the idea of payment and conservatism has gone the way it was such a reason.
In the last year, it's a country rather clean to itself, rather more sober than it was, and certainly a conservative movement which, by the rest of us, has become middle-aged in the last decade or so.
and servicisms that simply has to abandon the easy rhetoric of anti-government because it's clear that it has no magic way of and he knows him's desire to seriously attack the post-tuneer role of the political government.
The previous collection of columns I've done, he organized this one in a way that is
I'm thinking more subtle, intelligent, complicated, rather than simply saying, people all .
We try to reproduce something of the episodic experience that leaders have, and sometimes continually the conversation that exists between a columnist and his public, to weave in and out of various subjects, or that genuine leading experience of violence that one killed a guy, is a secret element of Supreme Court, I can't care.
I don't write third, at least for my column, off the news, by which I don't .
I'm not doing my job right.
And the second thing to make this collection is more fun.
is that there has been such a dominating political theme, such a dominating political personality between 1981 and 1986, that there is genuine coherence to the American experience.
A few stark claims and very stark issues, and so on, make very clear lessons.
But now with my state, many of them have a party more sober, and the third is more middle-aged than the best sense of history.
There's no sense to that.
Well, the thing is that
With an autobiography, of course, you know what your story is.
You know what the secrets of events were and so forth.
And I would say a different part of it is treating how you treat within your text real people.
And there's a constant concern.
I mean, particularly, I didn't have any grudges against people.
There was nothing that I wanted to.
So I want to be very careful.
I didn't really want to hurt anybody.
So then you get into a novel and you suddenly say, for 15 minutes, I've got to, you know, I've got, okay, a little bit to begin with because my main character resembled me in the sense that she was a Hollywood sex symbol.
She lost her career at the age of 35, her whole world fell apart, her husband, her studio, everybody turned against her and she moved to Rome, Italy to start a new life and a new career.
And I thought, well, that's fine, because what it will give me is it'll give me an opportunity to have the reader see everything from an American's point of view.
So that everything that Madeline, myself, is my main character, everything that she learns, that it gives me an opportunity to tell the reader as well Italian expressions and the way they, their mentality, the way they think about things and so forth.
I mean, they have to keep a storyline going.
And at a certain moment when my editor and publisher, John Fine, wanted me to, I guess, beat up the storyline or something like that, I sat for days in my living room stunned with all these chapters everywhere thinking, oh my goodness, what do you do?
How do you, you know, how do I remember what,
So yes, it's kind of a difficult thing.
On the other hand, it allowed me to show the real behind the scenes of movie making, which I think must have ring with an authenticity because I really do know it.
And it also gave me a chance to take very famous people off their pedestals.
And perhaps I was a little bitchier than I should have been, but I wasn't ready to do that at all.
Also, all these mad sex things, you see.
So, I mean, a lot of them were based on, shall we say, things that I heard about.
But it gave me an opportunity to put them in.
For example, and sometimes they say the truth is strange in fiction.
I discovered that there's a very popular party game of the Italian play which is called group masturbation.
Now, you know, I don't know about writing that in an autobiographical way and say, well, I was invited to this wonderful party.
But in a novel, it worked very well to say, hey, now, is this for real or not?
But actually, it's quite true.
Because it hasn't
as young people are kept with their mothers and the church.
Keep such a tight hold of those of them.
You know, kids will be kids.
There's been heavy petting in the back of cars or someplace.
They all lie down and there's no chance of anybody getting pregnant or anything.
They're all going to continue to reverse because everybody's doing it to themselves.
Things really happen.
Do we have time for one more question?
Yeah, well, life is pretty full at the moment.
I'm very fortunate in that after I showed my wild oats, I came back to the love of one man.
And I'm very happily married.
I married a British actor called Donald Burton five years ago.
And we live in Hampstead, which is in London.
I have a lovely English garden.
There's no joy in any garden in the world, like in England or Ireland, where there's not much rainfall.
And at this time, I have a very quiet time to sit and write, and it's lovely.
I have little stores, charming little stores that are from another century right across the street by me.
And also, you know, the thing is that that is pretty isolating work.
And I think it's been a long time just, you know, being by myself and writing.
But now I do a movie called Made of Sun.
with Oprah Winfrey and Geraldine Page, and that's based on the famous Richard Wright book.
I just finished that, and now I'm in the midst of my book tour, which I think everybody in this room understands what that is.
The instant that I finished, I just saw a lead next to John Forsythe from Dynasty, Jennifer Carrington, I think, Jennifer Carrington.
in an ABC movie a week.
Then I go back to London, and I have a play which I've written, which they want to do in Dublin, but it needs a rewrite.
So hopefully I'll have time to do that, because now I'm also doing British Irish films in Nepal in August.
So I always say, you know, that if you're an actor out of work, all you need to do to find work is either sign up for a college course, which you can't get the money back on, or a vacation with an apex there.
So I think it's also true about writing books.
If you really get into it and you love the writing, then we all be asking for it to come your way, too.
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, very much.
morning teetokers.
I'm assuming we're all teetokers.
Nobody in the politicians would have a meeting to serve in the morning.
There's a publisher among you this morning who is rewriting this entire scene in abject, silent disbelief.
A disbelief on a life that
Billy's a lady that I ran into in a place probably now, Red Square in Moscow just three or four days ago.
From her I got a twist on the question, frequently asked by fans,
Are you who I think you are?
When one person can immodestly answer that question with a simple yes, assuming that you are who they think you are.
But that seems to me to be taking a very heavy chance.
I can't be absolutely certain
who they think I am.
That might be Robert Redford.
Winston Churchill.
But my little friend in Red Square in America, of course, had a real question on this phrase.
Believe it or not, she said, Can I believe you are who I think I see?
Well, this publisher might be asking them the very same question.
I must say that I have had with his firm the longest standing unfulfilled book contract in modern publishing business.
As a matter of fact, he's not even the
publisher who was head of the publishing house when I made it on time.
That was two or three heads of the publishing house ago.
It was just that long ago.
Oh, my, the publishing doesn't mean it was that long ago.
And this was it was some time ago.
I think I might tell you that story quickly.
I'm sure about how things can go in this business of publishing.
I had a very good friend who had
I should call Tommy the guy that happened to his name.
He was a very good friend.
He and his family and all his kids, and our kids were growing up together, going to school together.
He was a little younger, so he happened to put speed on the weekend.
We've been to the very well, so we've been to the very well.
But Tony became an absolute bolder with me because every time we were together, he marked on this idea that I had to write the definitive book.
I had to do the book.
And it really got me.
I told him, fine.
I said, Tony, I can't go on like this anymore.
I mean, here's a boring teller.
He said, I don't want to have to tell you.
I'll do it someday.
It's someday.
I'm tired.
I'll tell you what you'll make a deal with me.
I'll promise you.
But you'll get it.
But you've got to promise me that you'll never mention it again until the deadline of the book.
He said, I'll do it.
And sure enough, we met, and he had a contract.
There was no deadline for the book.
And everyone should
any of his ears.
I don't have to do it again.
The only thing is what he said to you, you know, lawyers, even what they are, they insist there's no contract unless there's a lot of money in the banks of some kind.
Because I said, look at the banks.
I don't want any strings on this, either at all.
But they're mainly different for small banks.
They're very small.
And, of course, I was so stupid that I could have been a Hesco.
You know, Reverend Bates, it's been 25 years.
And I thought he was a Hesco.
I could have been a Hesco.
But I put it there in case I don't get the book written.
Now I'm waiting for it.
Before, a century later.
Wouldn't you know, right away, I've got a problem yet.
He says, he'd like to concentrate on its holiday year.
And I said, no, I think some of the farm work interests is fascinating, I think.
It would be the form of the Jesus Christ.
My childhood.
Maybe the age of 10.
Maybe even my other group.
You know, think of the drama.
The drama.
The romance.
My first mother.
You've got many years.
He's good, isn't he?
We're working on it.
Not for nothing.
In the past, a year, two, three.
And I mean one.
Meanwhile, the marvelous artist, I have turned down another of our epic works for Oxfam House.
That's our first time.
or South by South, just a couple of years ago, was, as you all know, an absolutely resounding success.
It was.
I mean, if you hadn't heard, it was an art book, a coffee table book, which Ray did.
They've absolutely superb paintings, and I did something less than superb, but an adequate job of the text.
We're at the southeast coast of the United States, roughly from Baltimore, down the waterway to Key West.
And I rather basically follow that route and try to do the text.
I want to be candid with you, though, because we are all in the same business together.
I think you're trying to know what goes on behind the scenes of these book adventures.
fertile brains with lots more people than ready.
When they suggested a dual-test partner, Margaret Ginger, might adequately do a text for the book, they came to him and said, well, there could be a hundred release changes in this big, lovely book.
And we'd like about 10,000 words in text for that.
Mathematical mom, that one is very good at this side.
It was the lack of people that only Einstein would appreciate.
I, by the way, said 100 paintings, 10,000 words, that 100 words will mean.
Now, any poor old broken down newspaper can write a 100 word cut line for almost any picture.
That's my word.
So I said, there's nothing to this.
It's the most wonderful assignment I've ever had.
I always wanted some excuse to go all the way down the waterway in one full trail.
I'd start with my book from Baltimore, and I'd have great training in front of me.
And I just talked with these wonderful houses, these historic monuments, and these things.
And I wrote 200 words on each.
I wrote a story, a number of words when I got the article.
But at the time I got the U.S., I don't want to finish both.
And what could be easier than that?
So I'm all set.
I'm involved.
I'm ready to say I'm waiting for the packages to have raised opinions in the slides that I can follow on the trip down.
The package arrived.
I had great expectations.
Man in both.
Lonely man.
Only boat.
Beach was land.
Only beach.
Boat and dock.
Boat and no dock.
Well, I had to reach out to the thing.
I had a theme, you know, train of thought, do this whole thing.
It changed my whole view.
What I had to do was remember the apartment on the foot leg next to you.
Of course, I'm giving Parsons, only Parsons to get here.
That's basically what the book was.
But they did have some marvelous pictures.
the painting of Charleston and Key West and Savannah and a lot of those things.
And the book was, as I say, we're happy to say not only a critical success, but a commercial success, enough so that Oxmoor and Ray and I could decide that the sequel was ordered.
And we've now been going with the Northeast, a longer, somewhat more personal text on my part.
I think the book will be equally well to see.
I think I'm looking forward to going out and deal with you a few, I'm afraid, book signings.
There's a few that will be limited by a lot of other activities.
I really do like book signings.
I know that goes accountable mostly.
I kind of enjoy getting out and meeting the people.
I've never quite understood why people are so anxious about that.
I don't understand the other autographs.
I really don't understand the autographs on the back of a match cover and on the corner of a cocktail napkin.
I just don't know what people do with those.
I think I know.
I think they take them home.
I think they don't in the top drawer with all the stuff in their pockets or their pocketbooks.
And they take around there with the loose chains and the pennies for two or three or four years.
They keep looking at them and think, oh, it's going away.
And they don't finally throw their pennies to something so they can't agree with them.
signature, if they ever couldn't be, that they'd buy them for the way.
I doubt that Rupert ever takes it downstairs to show Aunt Maude.
He might, he might.
And then I've got one other scenario that I really worried about.
I see him taking it down to Aunt Maude, and Aunt Maude taking a look and saying, what does it say?
He says, it's a border crime package.
Oh, yeah.
You know, what are they doing?
Then they get this diabolical idea, let's send it out and have it analyze.
One hand away.
That's the most weird way.
Comes back, order trying to get a lady with sex monsters.
See the way you call it in tea.
I don't want to be a lady with sex monsters.
Some of my best friends read about that.
But I was signing, and we had a pretty good signing out there.
People were lined up down the block.
It was a pretty good line.
And finally this chap gets up there in the front, and he's the young lady by my age.
He gets up there and asks me the book.
And he says, would you make up my daughter Nancy for Nancy?
Sign that name and hand it back to him.
He looks at it and he doesn't leave.
And finally, I get the line moving.
I reach around him and get the book from the next person to start signing.
He gets a hint and moves on.
It was an hour later.
Here he was in front of me again.
He'd been in the line again for an hour.
He hands it to me and says,
What does that say?
It says, that's for your daughter, for Nancy.
What does that say down there?
That's my signature.
Would you print that?
I'm going to do a few signs.
There are going to be a little bit of gray.
This is my semi-retirement.
It's sort of a joke.
I found semi-retirement in the myth perpetrated on unsuspectly working public by my line management.
Nothing to it at all.
I'm working harder than I was before.
I said, that's it.
I just got back.
It was on Wednesday night on a trip to Eastern Europe.
a documentary on CPS.
We were in East Germany and I was still hungry.
I wasn't concerned about the fall, about the radiation.
We had breathed the air, drank the water, ate the leafy vegetables.
Oh, there's just one thing we did.
We got our snapshots back in the drugstore yesterday.
They're all extra.
I don't know if anything will happen with the space program before then.
I'm still in the running, but I'll be the first travels to space.
Space is deeply enthusiastic.
The plan was, for about this time of the year, the training would have already begun for the selected journalist and his or her backup.
Now, of course, the challenge of everything is the way, you know, when the training will start, when the final selection will be made, or when the flight will become.
I'm here for now.
I think I had a fairly good chance of making it when it was going to be this fall.
I don't know him.
I doubt very seriously that the program itself will get underway even when they think it might in the summer of 87.
I think it'll be longer than that.
I think before a passenger goes, it'll be quite a bit longer than that.
And I don't know the time they run out of time.
I think now it's sort of a race between their getting their plumbing fixed before mine turns out.
I think, and this is very serious, I think that the non-fiction book, particularly the current history type book, never has had a more important role to play than it does right now in our affluent
popular society, there are so many diversions that are demanding our attention and our time that all of our means of communication and scenes caught up in that competition are constantly progressing, compacting the information that they're relaying to us.
On television, our documentary is almost a thing of the past, almost dead.
guests come and go so quickly they can hardly get the snooper up as to who they are before they're off the air again.
The evening news broadcast is time to try to write history on the head of the pin.
The newspapers fill their columns with features and preserve the news and single lines under some generic deadline for National, International, and Global News.
I fear that the public does not get
enough information, enough news.
We need to be in a kid, asked in a fashion that never matches his people.
We're not being in a kid with Bill.
And we're not getting enough information, any of this, to intelligently exercise a franchise.
And as Thomas Jefferson said a long time ago, ignorant democracy is something that never will be, never can, never will be.
We have to understand the issue.
in order to exercise our judgment on what our national policy should be, we're simply not getting that information, except the one fallback grace we had is books.
Books, as they have ever since before the movement, or ever since, are still the one best source of complete information.
You, yourself,
can be proud of your role in spreading at least a liberal excitement.
Now, all we gotta do is teach the public to read.
Then maybe we can make some progress.
Well, it's my pleasure to introduce two real authors to you, both of them friends of mine, although prior to this morning, I'm only met one
But when I had not met a person that had come to know as a friend through his books, he's a gifted writer.
And that's about the worst thing you can say about a person.
It's like saying that suddenly a star was born.
The gift is far as the hat published.
But it takes an awful lot of hard work as a moment into something that is practical and of real value.
That is what our author has certainly done.
Although I must say that by golly it must be great to have the advantage to be blessed with an Irish views as he has.
To be able to string together
It may be because I know very well the locale of this first book, The Whiskey Island, thanks to the great list in introducing me to it.
It's actually his favorite island, Hilton Head.
It's a remarkable place in any of you who read the book or some of the movies called Conrad.
You know what it's like in real black water.
But knowing that, I could associate intimately with that book.
And we became friends through it.
I didn't know his family very well until the second book, and we became even better friends.
A couple of magazines, a piece that he's written, really brought home to me and confirmed, I believe, that he is really one of the great writers coming out of that reading ground, the great writers of Southern Henry.
Now I can scarcely wait until I read this new book.
Ladies and gentlemen, Patrick Connelly.
Booktellers.
and all others who have taken the vow of poverty.
Speaking after the war for contact, I must sound like a parakeet.
Now I have grown very tired,
of being a literary weakness.
And I was discussing my career several years ago with my agent, the pretentiously named Julian Bach.
Julian took me through a window overlooking Third Avenue.
At one time, tens of thousands of people streaming by
And two of them said, yes, if we stopped the next 10,000 people who went by on the streets, only three of them would know your name.
And two of them would have been mistaken for an Irish bus driver in the prom.
And he said, I know why people do not know your name.
There is not enough sex in your mouth.
There are too many people going to the bathroom.
Why is there not more sex in your mouth?
It's fascinating.
Julie and I said, because my grandmother is still alive.
Now I'll speak to you today about my life as a southern writer.
My mother raised me to be a southern writer.
My mother did not go to college.
Some of you guys in the head that I would do this.
Now, there's much people needed in my life, even at this convention.
And as I passed Tom Consolino, my friend, the other day, Tom was going to a Tony party at New York.
Tom was going to smother himself and gain weight from the campground.
I was seeing shuttles out from the other southern riders where we reached it.
One of the prized genitalia of Crawdads.
In the measure of something that has happened in my entire career now.
My family.
I will tell you this story that it is in Prince of Cyprus.
My father, an Irishman, is huge.
The pictures of Greek War fighter pilots.
My daughter, my sister, when we were growing up, called him, got a bill.
But he came over the years.
Later, he became Mount St.
Helm.
She called the other day and said, How is your noble?
My father, in World War II, was sick of Atlanta, Georgia.
And as he so eloquently phrased it,
He was out on Peachtree Street hustling broad.
When my mother, 17 years old, walks into her hideous history and crosses the street to catch a bus, my mother pursuing her as Chicago Irish can do, my mother ignoring him as southern girls are supposed to.
He begged him for the phone number.
The bus started coming.
He said he should die in the war very soon.
He decided to talk to him.
She gets on the bus.
She walks back and sits down, and my father goes in, please, for the phone number, please.
The bus starts shaking off, and my father in a foot race goes afterward until my mother leans out and screams out the phone number to my father.
When they make children who hear the story from the screen, tell them the wrong number.
Then my father...
that my confused pilot is, and I assume the temperature of this room.
The beautiful Irish capital produced a southern writing that is amazing, and that the unicorn gave birth to an escargot.
Now, the southern part of this family, I must tell you,
They read my books, and I did this every time.
I had phone calls, every time.
I usually read your new book, and it is about... Speak slowly and spell all the big words, right?
Exactly.
They didn't know how hard you get, it's close.
In the southern family they came from...
When they went to church, they'd feel bad if they came out of church laughing and kissed a rattlesnake on the top of their head.
A religion so proven, so crazy, when they come to book science, and this is true, they hand out pamphlets.
They quote some Gideon Bibles.
They stole from the small motels all over the South.
And they led people, for the love of God, not to buy my book.
But like other members of my family, since the person, now I'll say the person.
The person is not the one you're flying in the Busty Avikana.
I published a book myself called The Blue.
In the innocence of this Southern writer, I have written
150 papers for a guy named Colonel Porcy, a citizen who was nicely employed.
I finished the manuscript of Southern Rider Blast.
I took it up to him.
He smoked his cigar and he said, Bubba, you're an English major.
How do you know about getting this book published?
I said, come on, I have no idea.
This is all the truth.
He smoked his cigar and he said,
Let's look at the yellow page.
And that's it.
And it was pretty.
I found business cards, invitations, books.
I went in, I said, I'm with this book.
I'd like you to publish it.
It says you can find it.
They go, there's $2,000.
We'll give you $5,000.
I went to it.
Willie Chalmers, the bank fusion.
Willie, he won several brands.
He left his money.
God published the book, When Julian Mocked, The Pretentiously Named Agent, that I finally got.
My wonderful, wonderful lady, William Mock, when he called me to tell me, after the water is vile, and why he teaches me to this day to take you to soul from the house instead of the four seasons.
When he called me to tell me, I hope that I wanted to do my book.
He said, Dad, here's the great thing.
$7,500.
And I said, Julian, I don't think Willie Shepard's going to lend me that much money.
or have someone play that.
I took my pocket down to see someone filming the Great Santeen.
And I had this amazing moment of my father watching the Robertson ball, playing him.
Michael O'Keefe, playing me.
I saw him play theater playing my mother, and I saw my mother tell him play theater how to save the world.
Didn't give a moment
that has made me lose for me for all time.
I saw my mother act.
They put her in a basketball thing right behind Light Hill.
The mother, she is playing whatever this is.
And I got to go to my mother and they hit a scene in the basketball game where they told the crowd to pretend they were watching the game.
And my mother, I saw my mother's head going.
But it came to a wonderful moment where my mother,
I realized he couldn't act.
There's a scene where the boy breaks another boy's leg, and they didn't react in shock.
A white man reacts this way.
My mother is sitting directly behind her, reacting like this.
Hey, Michael O'Keefe and Robert Duvall were nominated for Academy Awards.
My father came flying through the door and he said, son, you and I were nominated for a test before.
Your mother didn't give nothing.
Last year,
We come back to this movie again.
My brothers and I sit there and watch this now.
Because the one thing the movie has done for us, we didn't know it would do.
It is now the only place we can see my mother alive.
So we watch this film again.
And when she's dying, he asks me.
She's in the room.
My mother is the prettiest woman I've ever seen.
reduced to 80 pounds, vomiting, diarrhea, and she was awake at 3 in the morning.
And I was sleeping in this rude liver, taking care of her.
And she asked me a question.
She said, son, am I in your new book?
I said, no.
I said, you're black.
But I said, okay, mom, you're in the new book.
She said, you weren't good enough to get me in the Great Santini.
because you weren't a good enough writer, I was far more powerful than your father.
I said, I know, Mom.
But if I put Chernobyl and you into the same book, no one would believe it.
She said, I'll ask you one thing.
And I said, Mom, you're in a great position to bargain.
And she said, don't make it like this.
Make me beautiful.
Promise me you'll make me beautiful.
And I love being such a great man.
And I said, Mama, I'm going to make you so beautiful.
And I'm going to raise the way you are.
And because you taught me to be a writer and raised me to be a writer, I can lift you off that bed.
And I can set you safe.
And I can set you in.
and I could make you beautiful again for everybody in the world.
And my mother said, I'd love Meryl Streep to play the role.
And when she died, my brothers and sisters and I sat around in bed, and we read her poetry when she went into the coma.
And we sent her off a wave of land,
This way to the language that all of us belongs in.
You are here today because you love the language.
I am here today because my mother wanted me to write.
Thank you.
Hey, what's going on down here?
Oh, it's just out of town.
Well, Nicole, what are you doing in a silly basket?
Can you sing the Diet Pepsi song?
Try again.
Start again.
You can do it.
We have to help.
Now can I tell one?
Yeah, all right, great.
I want to tell the ghost.
Go ahead.
I got a different ghost song, Daddy.
Okay, let's hear it.
Here comes a ghost, a light and scary ghost.
Oh, see it in the trees.
Oh, who can it be?
Here comes a ghost.
Oh, how about you?
I can't.
You can do it.
We'll have to help.
Okay, let's hear it.
Go ahead.
I got something.
Want to hear a joke, Dad?
Sure.
Why is a chicken across the road?
Why?
To get a hamburger on the street.
Oh, that's silly.
Can you tell them?
I'll hear you a joke.
Tell me.
Why can't it get to when you get a goat?
Talk slow now.
It's goats in a jungle.
I got one.
Are you going to be a ballerina?
Can I tell one?
Sure.
Dingle, dingle, who can it be?
Yeah, that's it?
No, there isn't anything else.
That was just one of my favorite books.
You're going to tell me your story, Nicole?
Sure.
Go ahead.
Once upon a time, there was a king.
The king went to get in, and he went to get in the chair.
Mm-hmm.
That's it?
That's my challenge?
Sure.
Um, I've got a story.
Okay.
Of one of Mother's Goose's poems.
It's about the plumber.
The plumber worked and worked the whole day.
Mm-hmm.
But just because he worked it isn't nice.
Because he was just like birds.
That's a silly story.
Because he wasn't like a bird.
He contained like a bird.
And when he changes like a bird, he changes like a bird.
Is that it?
Yep.
Okay.
Do you hear it?
Go ahead.
Mr. Jingle, Mr. Jingle.
Can you two guys sing a song together?
Yeah, I got all, um, um, um, uh, jingle bells.
Can you sing jingle bells with your sister?
Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way.
All the time it is to ride on a wonder stupid sleigh.
It's not a stupid sleigh.
One must open sleigh.
I'm not open sleigh.
Hey.
Go Red Sox!
Crush the Mets!
Go Patriots!
Squish the fish!
How about that?
Squish the fish?
Can you sing that?
Squish the fish!
Go Lions!
Marry the Bears!
What's going on?
Don't push the buttons.
This?
Don't.
Look at our car.
This?
How about Mr. Pachakalupa?
Mr. Pachakalupa.